# Agora Howto

- [[go]] https://github.com/flancian/agora/blob/master/docs/howto.md
  - (If you see nodes that have a block beginning with go, they refer to go links. anagora.org/go/node redirects to the URL in that line. Example: https://flancia.org/go/agora-howto).
- To [[sign up]] for the Agora, first you need to publish your [[digital garden]] or [[content]] elsewhere online. The Agora doesn't host your data, but rather pulls it from a location *you* control and renders it for you and other users; it interlinks it with that of other users.
  - If you know your way around [[git]], [[markdown]] on git is the default format. If you use [[roam]] or a [[roam like]] or you have a notes database, you're almost there. Please refer to [[agora install]] for detailed setup instructions.
  - Whatever participation mechanism you choose, you need to let an Agora [[maintainer]] know where your content is, so it can be pulled and [[integrated]]. We strive to continuously support new sources and formats. Please send email to signup@anagora.org with:
    - The URL for your content.
    - Your desired username.
  - The Agora wants to be [[maximally inclusive]], but it is in its infancy; it is a [[work in progress]]. If you want to participate and can't, please also send email to signup@anagora.org to let us know.
  - Through projects such as [[agora twitter integration]], we hope to make the Agora available to anyone that has access to a social network account.



[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[go]: go "Go"
[todo]: todo "Todo"
[sign up]: sign-up "Sign Up"
[digital garden]: digital-garden "Digital Garden"
[content]: content "Content"
[markdown]: markdown "Markdown"
[roam]: roam "Roam"
[roam like]: roam-like "Roam Like"
[maintainer]: maintainer "Maintainer"
[integrated]: integrated "Integrated"
[maximally inclusive]: maximally-inclusive "Maximally Inclusive"
[work in progress]: work-in-progress "Work in Progress"
[agora twitter integration]: agora-twitter-integration "Agora Twitter Integration"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"