# Agora Bridge

- A [[service]].
  - [[github]] github.com/flancian/agora-bridge
  - [[go]] [[github]]
  - An [[integration hub]] that hosts [[bots]], [[clients]] and [[siphons]]; any [[bridges]] of [[public utility]]. 
  - It tries to assist its users first and foremost; optionally it allows any [[agora]] to interact with [[social networks]], the [[fediverse]] and the internet at large -- always as is the intent of its users.
  - Bridges are configured with [[yaml]].
    - The main configuration file for the service is [[bridges yaml]]; it can be passed to the service as a parameter. 
    - Bridges can be of type [[input]], [[output]] or [[bidirectional]] (r/w/rw).
      - The default [[input]] bridge is git.
      - The default [[output]] bridge is to a filesystem as per [[git pull]].
    - A per user [[agora yaml]] can be volunteered -- as part of a [[digital garden]] if the user participates in an [[agora]] community). This file serves to configure an agora for the user. [[agora actions]] may then take place, including on demand rendering through [[agora server]] and running of [[agora actions]].
      - Signing up to an [[agora]] involves pointing an [[agora bridge]], run by you or by a community, to your configuration file as published somewhere on the internet.
    - Please join us in our [matrix room](anagora.org/go/agora/chat) if you have any questions.
    - For developers, feel free to send a PR adding your garden! Or reach out in our [development room](anagora.org/go/agora-development/chat).
- [[contains]]
  - [[agora]]
    - [[agora bot]]
  - [[moa]]
    - [[twitter]]
    - [[mastodon]]
## [[done]]

- Got open source approval process.
- Experimented with [[toot cli]].
- Create [[Mastodon]] account for prod.
  - [[mastodon]] @agora@botsin.space
- set up api for @an_agora on [[twitter]].

## [[doing]]

## [[do]]
- [[]]
- implement [[agora yaml]]
- implement [[bridges yaml]]
- [[push]] [[agora bot]]
  - Create [[Twitter]] account for testing.
  - Create [[Mastodon]] account for testing.




[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[go]: go "Go"
[bots]: bots "Bots"
[siphons]: siphons "Siphons"
[bridges]: bridges "Bridges"
[agora]: agora "Agora"
[fediverse]: fediverse "Fediverse"
[yaml]: yaml "Yaml"
[agora bridge]: agora-bridge "Agora Bridge"
[agora bot]: agora-bot "Agora Bot"
[moa]: moa "Moa"
[twitter]: twitter "Twitter"
[mastodon]: mastodon "Mastodon"
[done]: done "done"
[toot cli]: toot-cli "Toot Cli"
[Mastodon]: mastodon "Mastodon"
[do]: do "Do"
[push]: push "Push"
[Twitter]: twitter "Twitter"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"