# Algorithm

- Underneath and above, enveloping and permeating an [[agora]] is an [[algorithm]].
  - The [[algorithm]] of the [[agora]] is the set of best known [[procedures]] to improve the [[world]], scheduled [[rationally]] and [[compassionately]].
- When in doubt, think of the algorithm. Consider the following questions.
  - What am I supposed to be doing right now? According to whom?
  - What is the most urgent thing I need to solve? Is there anything I would want to have done later today? Check my calendar now.
  - Have I reviewed my [[daily]] routine?
  - Am I concentrated? Am I unable to focus?
- [[push]] [[do]]
  - Build an [[agora]]
    - Assemble a [[distributed knowledge graph]].
      - A [[wikipedia]] of [[everyone]].
      - This is the [[brain]] of the [[agora]].
    - Construct a [[dependency graph]] and a [[schedule]] of activities and contexts to execute in; to [[perform]]; to [[analyze]]; to [[troubleshoot]].
      - This is the [[heart]] of the [[agora]].
      - If there are circular dependencies in this graph, write down examples here in this note. Unsure if circular dependencies come up in human-level tasks very often, but they might.
      - [[topological sort]] it.
      - Move on through the [[priority queue]] or [[list]] as we can.
    - Study theory of [[scheduling]]. I liked it when I was in college.
      - I like the fact that an [[oracle]] is the perfect [[scheduler]].
    - Explore [[protopoi space]].
      - [[m prime]]


[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[agora]: agora "Agora"
[algorithm]: algorithm "Algorithm"
[world]: world "World"
[daily]: daily "Daily"
[push]: push "Push"
[do]: do "Do"
[wikipedia]: wikipedia "Wikipedia"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"