# Exgenesis

- A [[person]] on [[twitter]].
- [[twitter]] twitter.com/exgenesis
- Interested in [[Browser extensions]]
- [[project]] [[threadhelper]]
- [[thesis]] [[recommendation systems]]
  - [[misaligment problem]]
  - [[evolutionary game theory]]

## [[2020-12-19]]
- [[social dilemma]]
  - A bit heavy handed. [[on the nose]].
- See a problem, like to think of how to solve the specific problem.
  - Scales up clearly to company-sized
- [[cooperation]]
  - Different at different scales.
- Other extensions in this space: [[competitors]] or [[cooperators]]?
  - [[memex]]
  - [[hypothes.is]]
    - See [[annotation standard]] 
  - [[quotebacks]]
- [[game theoretical]] aspect of cooperation towards a [[goal]]
  - Cooperators might become defectors
    - What about [[open source]] as a solution to this?
      - Would like to do it but also would like to have a sustainable business.
- [[wikipedia]] style project
  - It didn't seem like it would work, then it did.
  - Social ranking, coalescing is as hard.
- The most achievable thing.
  - Decoupling the data store from the social network.
  - [[holochain]]
    - Decouple the data from the app 
    - Same thing for recommendation system
    - Q: Is [[ipfs]] an alternative?
  - [[underscore protocol]]
- [[threadhelper]]
  - Bottleneck is definitely time.
  - [[exgenesis]]
    - Perhaps I know a developer that could be interesting in joining force. Working on the write/thread creation aspect.
    - [[typefully]]?
    - No, [[birdbear]].
- What's the USP for [[threadhelper]]?
  - Starting from a very concrete problem (Twitter), other projects have a very wide scope.
  - [[hypothes.is]] is a lot more focused on annotating the web.
    - They might be adding note surfacing though.  
  - We (nosilverv and exgenesis) have a good instinct.
  - [[wikilinks everywhere]]
- [[agora]]
  - A protocol for integrating with n backends/formats with "constant" cost.
  - An implementation that makes it easy for integrators to operate with data from all these sources, and to use action modules. 

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[person]: person "Person"
[twitter]: twitter "Twitter"
[Browser extensions]: browser-extensions "Browser Extensions"
[threadhelper]: threadhelper "Threadhelper"
[thesis]: thesis "Thesis"
[2020-12-19]: journal/2020-12-19 "2020-12-19"
[memex]: memex "Memex"
[hypothes.is]: hypothes.is "hypothes.is"
[annotation standard]: annotation-standard "Annotation Standard"
[quotebacks]: quotebacks "Quotebacks"
[open source]: open-source "Open Source"
[wikipedia]: wikipedia "Wikipedia"
[ipfs]: ipfs "Ipfs"
[exgenesis]: exgenesis "Exgenesis"
[birdbear]: birdbear "Birdbear"
[wikilinks everywhere]: wikilinks-everywhere "Wikilinks Everywhere"
[agora]: agora "Agora"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"
