# Foam

- A [[project]].
	- [[roam like]]. A [[vscode]] extension.
	- [[go]] https://foambubble.github.io/foam/
	  - By [[jevakallio]].
	  - Notable contributors / people I've met in the [[discord]]: [[ingalless]] [[scottjoe]] [[riccardo]] [[mathieudutour]].
	- As of [[2021-01-04]], my personal [[agora client]].
	  - See [[foam settings]], which describes my setup.
	  - Update [[2021-05-07]]: left for [[obsidian]].

To use foam:
    - Fork its template repository: <https://github.com/foambubble/foam-template/>. You can use any name you desire for your repository.
    - Install [[vscode]] if necessary: <https://code.visualstudio.com/download>. Launch it.
    - Select 'clone repository' -- if you're using [[github]], log in with [[github]]. Authorize [[vscode]] to make changes to your account. It sometimes requires you to retry once for some reason.
      - [[vscode]] should offer to install recommended extensions. Say yes.
    - You can now use [[foam]]:
      - Press alt-d to start a new daily note (your journal). 
      - Write [[wikilinks]] to link to other pages. 
      - Control-click them to visit existing linked notes or create them if needed.
      - ctrl-p to open an existing note.
      - ctrl-shift-p to bring up the [[vscode]] command palete; you can search for any command and see keyboard shortcuts.
      - Whenever you want to commit to your repository (and the Agora), save all files and use the "branch-like" icon on the left toolbar to review changes and write a commit message.
      - You may need to set a user.name and user.email in git. To do this, open the terminal in [[vscode]] and type:
        - git config --global user.name "Your Name"
        - git config --global user.email "yourname@example.com"

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[project]: project "Project"
[roam like]: roam-like "Roam Like"
[vscode]: vscode "Vscode"
[go]: go "Go"
[jevakallio]: jevakallio "Jevakallio"
[discord]: discord "Discord"
[scottjoe]: scottjoe "Scottjoe"
[mathieudutour]: mathieudutour "Mathieudutour"
[2021-01-04]: journal/2021-01-04 "2021-01-04"
[agora client]: agora-client "Agora Client"
[foam settings]: foam-settings "Foam Settings"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"