# Jonathan the Utopian
- A [[person]].
- [[swiss]] [[mathematician]].
  - [[category theory]]
- [[go]] lorand.earth
- [[twitter]] https://twitter.com/l_o_r_a_n_d
- [[gluten-free]], not into [[dairy]].
- Found and pointed out [[Smart Agora]]: https://coss.ethz.ch/research/pastprojects/SmartAgora.html
- [[project]] [[utopoi]]: http://lorand.earth/utopoi/about/
- [[project]] https://applied-compositional-thinking.engineering/

## Meet

### [[2021-01-23]]

- Greetings!
  - Helping a friend move today.
- Working hard on setting up the curriculum for the course at [[ETH]]
  - [[chestertons fence]]

### [[2021-01-01]]
- Super cool that you have a blackboard in your room! 
- VC is very inclusive and we can always have this, no matter where we live.
- What have you been working on?
  - [[jonathan]] working a lot on the online course at [[eth]]. Sort of managing the project almost.
    - [[flancian]] do you feel like you are learning at the day job?
    - yep. Experimenting with new mediums for [[online teaching]].
    - [[category theory for engineers]]
      - [[flancian]] related to [[category theory for programmers]]?
      - Different target audience: these are engineers in the sense of mechanical engineering, aerospace. Less direct mappings here.
      - Main applicational framework: [[complex systems]] + [[modeling]], [[design]], [[optimization]].
- [[world models]]
- [[utopoi]]
- [[projections]]
  - [[flancian]] does the word make sense?
  - [[jonathan]] yes. but [[filtering]] may be less confusing.
- [[agora]]
  - [[users]]
  - [[groups]]
    - node [[bourbaki]]
  - [[stoas]]
- [[pivoting]]
  - [[push]] [[braiding]]
    - something is [[symmetric]] if [[braiding twice is identity]]
    - [[braid]] [[hofstadter]] 
  - [[twist]]
- [[agora]] for [[utopia]]
  - [[missing devices]] 
  - [[utopoi]]
    - [[flancian]] set of [[m prime]]
      - [[jonathan]] mathematical + computational approach to the world
        - on the one hand it seems it will always miss something, as life is so rich
        - on the other hand it seems it could be valuable
        - at the beginning it seems it could be unpractical, but looking around similar approaches are around
        - it is very costly to input lots of information, and it requires a lot of time
      - [[flancian]] note that the value/cost function is undefined; this is a procedure to find paths/tunnels
  - [[utopoi]]
    - [[jonathan]] a project that wants to build channels with related projects, one of this is this repository; but it is not exactly the same.
    - [[repository]] sounds static, whereas the m-m prime approach sounds more like a [[machine]].
    - [[jonathan]] [[noded]] [[utopia studies]]
    - [[flancian]] I liked [[topiary]]
- [[focus]]
- [[robin krom]]
  - [[jonathan]] thinks [[robin krom]] could be interested; related to [[category theory]], [[smart contracts]], [[financial markets]], [[liquid democracy]].
- [[reading group]]
- [[bug report]] [[agora plan]] https://anagora.org/node/reading-goup---christopher-alexander renders badly

## Telegram
### [[2020-12-18]]
- Jonathan thinks [[utopoi]] is not persistent; it will live for a while and then die, like an organism. But this applies mostly to the physical part; the digital part might endure.
- Knowing it has an end date actually feels nice.
- [[wittgenstein]]
  - likes that he critized his own work -- I agree.
  - part of his later work is about [[deconstructing]] his earlier work.
### [[2020-12-12]]
- "philosophy is the art of making questions enjoyable"
- pros/cons
- "feeling like a mashed potato"
- work is getting stressful due to an online course coming up in January.

### [[2020-12-11]]
- [[book]] [[asado verbal]]
  - "Mit Texten von [[Lucía Puenzo]], [[Pedro Mairal]], [[Washington Cucurto]], [[Fabián Casas]], [[Mariana Enríquez]], [[Cecilia Pavón]], [[Juan Diego Incardona]], [[Ariel Magnus]],[[ Julia Coria]], [[Felix Bruzzone]],[[ Romina Paula]], [[Edgardo Gonzalez Amer]], [[Oliverio Coelho]], [[Carlos Blasco]] und [[Andi Nachon]]."


[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[person]: person "Person"
[go]: go "Go"
[twitter]: twitter "Twitter"
[Smart Agora]: smart-agora "Smart Agora"
[project]: project "Project"
[utopoi]: utopoi "Utopoi"
[2021-01-23]: journal/2021-01-23 "2021-01-23"
[chestertons fence]: chestertons-fence "Chestertons Fence"
[2021-01-01]: journal/2021-01-01 "2021-01-01"
[jonathan]: jonathan "Jonathan"
[flancian]: flancian "Flancian"
[category theory for engineers]: category-theory-for-engineers "Category Theory for Engineers"
[category theory for programmers]: category-theory-for-programmers "Category Theory for Programmers"
[agora]: agora "Agora"
[users]: users "Users"
[stoas]: stoas "Stoas"
[push]: push "Push"
[hofstadter]: hofstadter "Hofstadter"
[utopia]: utopia "Utopia"
[missing devices]: missing-devices "Missing Devices"
[noded]: noded "Noded"
[focus]: focus "Focus"
[liquid democracy]: liquid-democracy "Liquid Democracy"
[agora plan]: agora-plan "Agora Plan"
[2020-12-18]: journal/2020-12-18 "2020-12-18"
[wittgenstein]: wittgenstein "Wittgenstein"
[2020-12-12]: journal/2020-12-12 "2020-12-12"
[2020-12-11]: journal/2020-12-11 "2020-12-11"
[book]: book "Book"
[asado verbal]: asado-verbal "Asado Verbal"
[Andi Nachon]: andi-nachon "Andi Nachon"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"