# Oliver Sauter

- A [[person]].
- [[pull]] [[blackforestboi]]
- [[twitter]] twitter.com/blackforestboi
- [[project]] [[memex]] [[worldbrain]]
- [[ikigai]]

## [[2021-02-19]]
- Launching [[collections]] this next [[monday]].
  - cool!
- [[25y goal]] for [[memex]]
  - transform how we make decisions as a society
  - our tools to source information are bad, polarize us
  - we can all be experts within a certain scope
- [[liquid digital distributed democracy]]

## [[2021-01-04]]

- Greetings!
- [[bluetooth codecs]]
- [[hypothes.is]] and [[memex]]
  - [[dan whaley]]
- [[crowdsourced search]]
  - [[memex search]]
  - [[agora search]]
- [[interop]] for [[roam likes]] and other [[tools]] in the [[pkm]] [[market]]
  - [[oliver]] how do we figure this out at least on the level of addressing each other's blocks?
  - [[flancian]] idea:
    - base protocol, extensible with contracts
  - [[oliver]] standardization is tricky from the perspective that you need to get everybody onboard -- including the organizations producing these tools.
  - [[flancian]] two pronged approach in the [[agora]]:
    - [[wikilinks everywhere]]
      - [[oliver]] syntax wise they are great -- all tools support them.
      - [[oliver]] the problem with the syntax is that it's not web 2.0 compatible. It requires a shared knowledge about each other's infra.
        - [[agora protocol]] could be a [[library]].
    - [[actions]]
- [[cloud infrastructure]] is the focus now
  - After this is done, we'll focus on [[apis]] and [[integrations]]
- [[roam]] does not require in its default data model to do any form of standardization. If you're a [[roam]] user and you use [[roam.js]], you can interpret any response as a block.
  - the main difference between [[memex]] and [[roam]]: [[roam]] is a [[synthesizing]] tool. [[memex]] is a [[collector]] or [[curation]] [[tool]].
- What are the [[memex]] [[user journeys]]? Perhaps in particular in comparison with [[hypothes.is]].
  - [[oliver]]:
    - [[hypothes.is]] excels in academic research and academic annotations.
    - [[memex]] and [[hypothes.is]] will eventually [[interop]].
    - [[memex]] tries to bridge the gap between [[discovery]] and [[curation]]/[[organization]].
    - If you think of [[twitter]], the only way you can organize content is to use [[bookmarks]].
    - [[memex]] lets you curate collections of content, annotate them individually or collectively, and integrate them into [[synthesis workflows]] like those in [[roam]].
- [[oliver]] advantage of [[agora]] ([[hub]]) approach: cheaper integrations.
  - [[oliver]] ongoing maintenance cost 
  - [[flancian]] another downside: [[SPOF]]
  - [[oliver]] to make anagora.org really work, everybody needs to be onboard
  - [[oliver]] [[memex]] can do multi-content: that means users can capture/curate/annotate content of many types
    - ([[raindrop]] and [[are.na]] do that too)
- Example: https://memex.social/a/t3CrywWxPK4WSH1t4rhe
  - Imagine a [[roam.js]] plugin: whenever I post a link, check if there's hidden metadata -- the [[open annotation]] model.
  - (...)
  - [[flancian]] [[wikilinks everywhere]] offers the inverse
  - [[oliver]] we shouldn't assume that users fully own their data
- If a user says: I have two [[roam]] databases, one [[notion]] database, etc.
  - "Whenever I click on a [[wikilink]] in [[memex]], I want to choose where that resolves"
  - This could be a [[research project]]. Would like to discuss it with [[conaw]].
  - [[flancian]] I'd like to make this happen anyway if not.
- [[hypothes.is]] wants to add the concept of [[channels]]
  - Like a [[rss]] feed.
- [[oliver]] would suggest that the [[agora]] is a [[library]] first, then a [[protocol]].
- [[next action]]
  - Let's pull [[dan whaley]]
  - [[one pager]]
    - [[library]] that queries [[wikilinks]]
    - [[browser extension]] that resolves [[wikilinks]] ([[wikilinks everywhere]])
  - [[memex]] probably won't be able to implement before [[2021-05-01]]


[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[person]: person "Person"
[pull]: pull "Pull"
[twitter]: twitter "Twitter"
[project]: project "Project"
[memex]: memex "Memex"
[worldbrain]: worldbrain "Worldbrain"
[ikigai]: ikigai "Ikigai"
[2021-02-19]: journal/2021-02-19 "2021-02-19"
[monday]: monday "Monday"
[2021-01-04]: journal/2021-01-04 "2021-01-04"
[hypothes.is]: hypothesis "Hypothesis"
[dan whaley]: dan-whaley "Dan Whaley"
[crowdsourced search]: crowdsourced-search "Crowdsourced Search"
[agora search]: agora-search "Agora Search"
[interop]: interop "Interop"
[roam likes]: roam-likes "Roam Likes"
[tools]: tools "Tools"
[pkm]: pkm "Pkm"
[flancian]: flancian "Flancian"
[agora]: agora "Agora"
[wikilinks everywhere]: wikilinks-everywhere "Wikilinks Everywhere"
[agora protocol]: agora-protocol "Agora Protocol"
[roam]: roam "Roam"
[are.na]: arena "Arena"
[notion]: notion "Notion"
[wikilink]: wikilink "Wikilink"
[conaw]: conaw "Conaw"
[rss]: rss "Rss"
[next action]: next-action "Next Action"
[wikilinks]: wikilinks "Wikilinks"
[browser extension]: browser-extension "Browser Extension"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"