# RDF

- [[go]] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Resource_Description_Framework
- [[wiki]] https://www.w3.org/RDF/
- [[relevant]] [[Go Links]] [[Agora]].
- [[ZornGerhard]] knows about it.
	- Also mentioned the [[SPARQL]] query language: https://twitter.com/ZornGerhard/status/1310645329587560448
- I should ask [[s.-s.]] about it.
- See also: [[turtle]], [[semantic triples]].

## /[[2020-12-26]]

- I started a pomodoro of this but [[procrastination]] came up, interesting -- it's not like I'm not interested in this, but it just tends to happen I don't *get* to it because I'm busy with work and other things, so I ended up associating it with a frustrated feeling? Unsure. It could also be I have a fear of it being *precisely* the Agora, what that would mean. I should be elated if that happened, but on some level perhaps.
  - [[the agora is a social network built by the people for the people]] feels like something that I wanted to write, so no regrets.
- [[Reading]] https://www.w3.org/RDF/
  - "RDF is a standard model for data interchange on the Web. RDF has features that facilitate data merging even if the underlying schemas differ, and it specifically supports the evolution of schemas over time without requiring all the data consumers to be changed." 
    - Nice.
  - "RDF extends the linking structure of the Web to use URIs to name the relationship between things as well as the two ends of the link (this is usually referred to as a “triple”). Using this simple model, it allows structured and semi-structured data to be mixed, exposed, and shared across different applications."
		- I feel like the Agora plays well with this, and this plays well with the Agora.
  		- [[actions]] for example are semantic triples:
    		- They happen in a node that serves as current context; usually a [[subject]]. 
				- They point to another Agora node or a [[url]], an [[object]]. 
				- They contain a [[relationship]], the [[action]].
  - "This linking structure forms a directed, labeled graph, where the edges represent the named link between two resources, represented by the graph nodes. This graph view is the easiest possible mental model for RDF and is often used in easy-to-understand visual explanations."
		- It sounds like RDF allows us to run a fully distributed [[graph]] / [[hypergraph]] over the internet.
		- Why has it not "taken over"?
		- What would "take over" mean?
- [[reading]] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Resource_Description_Framework
  - [[1.0]] was published as a standard in [[1999]], [[1.1]] in [[2014]].

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[go]: go "Go"
[wiki]: wiki "Wiki"
[Agora]: agora "Agora"
[SPARQL]: sparql "SPARQL"
[s.-s.]: s.-s. "S  S"
[turtle]: turtle "Turtle"
[2020-12-26]: journal/2020-12-26 "2020-12-26"
[procrastination]: procrastination "Procrastination"
[the agora is a social network built by the people for the people]: the-agora-is-a-social-network-built-by-the-people-for-the-people "The Agora Is a Social Network Built by the People for the People"
[action]: action "Action"
[graph]: graph "Graph"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"