* [[silverbullet]]:
  * should open the daily on startup?
  - [[go/daily]] achieves this for me for now ;) e.g. [[go/daily]] or just use the embed in anagora.org/daily.
- going over "old" (and new) notebooks, trying to make sense of the hugely distributed task list they imply :)
  - happy to see that a lot actually happened in the last 1-2 quarters!
  - I'm thinking this could be a nice 'tradition' to reinforce on the [[17ths]], being [[Maitreya day]] ;)
- [[do]]:
  - [[numbers]] pull all number-related actions, e.g. [[557]] (example comes from a notebook) pulls [[hex/557]], [[prime/557]] and any others we have in the future.
  - [[today]] should probably pull today's date instead of redirecting? maybe!
  - next steps on [[activitypub]]
  - define [[equivalence classes]] in the Agora; right now they're implicit and a bit of a mess?
  - [[oauth]] is mentioned so often in my todos that I wonder how it is I actually haven't even started on it!
    - I think at some point I wanted to do these flows through [[agora bridge]] instead of [[agora server]]?
    - But that might have been a mistake/complicating stuff needlessly?
   - [[open letters]] show up profusely in the last 1.5 years, yet I have not properly published a single one since (except by default in the Agora, like pretty much everything I write that is not work related)
     - [[Building Bridges]]
     - [[Beyond Markdown and Git]]
     - [[Open Letter to Google]]
     - [[Open Letter to the Agora]]
     - [[Open Letter to ]]
- "[[Flancia]] is a [[Pattern Language]], the [[Agora]] is a [[Pattern Repository]]" -- from a notebook.