* On the plus side, it turns out [[silverbullet]] *does* have journaling facilities by installing the [[Journal]] library: https://silverbullet.md/Library/Journal
- On the negative side, it defaults to a weird Journal/Day prefix :)
  - I get what they're going after as apparently they want to support /Week as well, and weekly journals make sense to me.
  - But I prefer a flatter structure than that -- looking into customizing.
- Again it took me until 7pm to get into a situation I could call [[focus]], let alone [[flow]]; earlier I did useful things that needed to take place (like cleaning around the house and such), but that produced only diffuse output.
- [[doom]]:
  - On impulse I bought and installed [[doom 2016]] today (it was on sale). I played half an hour and I'm not sure I'm into it. I played and loved [[doom]] and [[doom 2]] as a kid, but this is a newer game and I'm an older person :)
    - The graphics are good and I wanted to try out the 'shoot at things without much of a plot' experience again, and I got that.
    - But I don't like you can't save/quicksave. It's all checkpoint based (whyyy).
    - And I didn't have as much 'fun' with it. Maybe it's too violent to maintain my interest nowadays.
    - But I may yet come back to it.
- [[Moloch]]:
  - By [[Kuprin]]:
    - Makes direct references to the stock market, which surprised me -- it was a factor in Russian society earlier than expected (this is from [[1896]].)
    - [[page 72]] in my edition has the first direct reference to [[Moloch]] by name.
    