# 2021-11-16

- Back from a few days' hiatus as friends were visiting.
  - It was great!
  - We socialized more in the last five days than in the last five months and I can tell, though -- I'm a bit wiped (in a nice way).
- [[bernardo]] and I are [[coworking]] today.
  - It seems we'll get a solid [[3h]] of time to work on our projects.
  - I'll try to make good use of this: https://social.coop/web/statuses/107287160863662611
- [[pomodoros]]
  - [x] catch up with Twitter and Mastodon notifications
    - technically I don't need the pomodoro technique to do stuff like being active on social media -- it tends to happen by itself (which is why I'm interested in social media in the first place, at least partly). but I often find it useful to track this kind of thing as a pomodoro anyway; it works in the other direction as well, by helping me keep track of the passage of time.
  - [ ] catch up with messages on Matrix
  - [ ] [[agora bot]] -- write links to tweets/toots in a per-wikilink file
  - [ ] [[write]]
    - [[me tiene las pelotas llenas]]
      - maybe not constructive enough?
      - but I'll try to make it so
    - [[lists]]
  - [ ] [[edit]]
    - I keep not getting to editing [[flancia.org]].
- [[pattern]]
  - [[patterns]]
- an [[agora]] is a repository of [[patterns]] and [[intentions]].
- [[quote tweet]]
  - [[quote toot]]
- [[intentions]]
- [[pesos]]
- [[stream]]
- [[vera]] told
- [[j0lms]]
- [[mohammed aldhari]]
- [[xin0]]
- [[engels]]
  - [[schelling]]
    - [[schelling and revelation]]
- [[lorand]]
  - [[dojo dojo]]
- my [[meditation practice]]
- [[sophia xu]]
  - [[knowledge metaverse]]