# 2021-03-14

- [[yesterday]] == [[2021 03 13]]
- Met [[utopiah]] thanks to [[karlicoss]].
- [[cant get you out of my head]]
- [[talon]]
- [[nikolai kingsley]] told me about [[walkaway]]
- [[tv series]]
- [[dharmachakra]]
- [[rclone]]
- [[take a walk on the wild side]]
- [[brettkromkamp]]
- [[agora embed]]
- [[done]]
  - Clean up and translate text to French.
    - [[chapitre]]
  - Undo folding/scrolling for links in the agora, not needed now that they come last?
  - Undo auto-focus on CLI, annoying
  - [[stoa]] length
  - [[light mode]] -- sort of
  - make the nodes less wide
  - Finish setting up backups for patera
    - and thecla actually
  - sync moa changes
- [[music]]
  - [[endtroducing]] by [[dj shadow]]
- [[do]]
  - Bring up secondary agora just in case? beta.anagora.org perhaps.
  - Add plus button that just creates an individual pad that you control? e.g. node-name_timestamp? node-name_hash?
    - This could be as simple as:
      - Add button that adds a div with an embed and scrolls to it
      - Make it so that the agora queries pads as subnodes? Or, actually better: set up a process that dumps stoas to markdown.
  - pilot [[wikidata]] integration
  - verify backups on [[2021 03 17]]

[//begin]: # "Autogenerated link references for markdown compatibility"
[utopiah]: ../utopiah "utopiah"
[karlicoss]: ../karlicoss "Karlicoss"
[talon]: ../talon "talon"
[walkaway]: ../walkaway "walkaway"
[dharmachakra]: ../dharmachakra "dharmachakra"
[rclone]: ../rclone "rclone"
[brettkromkamp]: ../brettkromkamp "brettkromkamp"
[done]: ../done "DONE"
[chapitre]: ../chapitre "chapitre"
[stoa]: ../stoa "Stoa"
[music]: ../music "Music"
[endtroducing]: ../endtroducing "endtroducing"
[do]: ../do "Do"
[wikidata]: ../wikidata "Wikidata"
[//end]: # "Autogenerated link references"