- Sunday at home :)
  - A day with [[Lady Burup]].
  - Welcome my friends to [[yoga with x]]!
  - Yoga with X is an interactive social experiment. Feel free to engage with it in any ways that make you happy :)
  - [[go/move/23]] means anagora.org/go/move/23 in your browser.
  - Have a nice day!
- Lots to [[do]]!
  - home / self care / Burup
    - [x] do laundry
    - [x] talk to mom
    - [x] talk to [[b]]
    - [x] [[garbage collect]] tabs, windows, etc. (long time coming)
  - [x] vote for akshay's proposal / catch up with [[twg]] / determine if I can make tomorrow's meeting
  - [x] plan further pomodoros?
  - [[agora]]
    - #push [[agora doc]]
      - proposed a specific [[deadline]] to editors: they had said to take 2w on a Wednesday, taking until the Sunday after that ([[2022-10-30]]) but looking to be finished by Saturday ideally ([[2022-10-29]]
      - [ ] resume working on comments in [[agora doc]] today
      - [x] copy it (snapshot) then go to town based on comments
      - [ ] edit
    - [x] buy automatic feeder
      - #push [[2022-10-24]]
        - [ ] book appointment with the veterinary
          - [[2022-10-23]] turns out it's phone only! call [[tomorrow]]
        - [[agora doc]]
        - [ ] edit
        - [ ] write
        - [ ] edit
        - [ ] write
    - [ ] write
      - [[catharsis]] wise
    - went back to [[flaneur]] in [[merveilles]] after more than a year; it felt nice to be back.
      - I want to catch up with some threads there
    - #push [[agora development]]
      - [ ] ship one improvement?
        - auto pull social after some seconds?
        - auto pull stoa in empty nodes?
        - [ ] bring up twitter bot -> [[fix bot for ivo]]
          - it was up, for some reason Ivo's post is not being seen. might need to write a 'scrape one user' "one-shot" mode -- maybe doing per user timelines is actually a good idea.
          - this is not the first time the bot has issues with Ivo's posts. I have no idea why they're not showing up in the bots' timeline -- according to the Twitter API anyway. The bot is following Ivo, I checked.
          - writing a [[one shot]] mode which takes a timeline to scrape+react to (if we haven't reacted previously) sounds like a reasonable next step at this point; it'd also make [[catch up]] better to have this code. iterating
