- [[2022-09-17]] happened, it went by almost too fast with laundry and cleaning the house and such things to do on a Saturday :)
- Late journal; I slept very little (3h) and was low energy (go figure), I felt depressed but that got fixed by a 1h nap (my naps are usually only 30' tops).
  - I'm glad to be here finally!
  - I was active on the [[fediverse]] though.
- #push [[pomodoros]]
  - #1 fix agora twitter bot, try to finally [[opt in writes]] with this
    - Twitter limits keep making this harder than it should be. 
    - While I wait for quota to try this, I consider... what I write below.
    - #2 then do the fediverse (that bot is working currently)
  - See [[twitter agora bot]] for next actions.

I should create a second account for the Agora on Twitter, @an_agora is having many problems. If nothing else I'll use it to test; the fact that I don't have a test account makes it so that the bot is broken half the time because I don't have a release process for meaningfully testing changes. It's pretty terrible. For [[agora server]] I have dev.anagora.org and a local environment, but not for bots in [[agora bridge]].

Another thought: sqlite in [[agora bridge]] will really help with this, as bots could just query the graph stored in [[agora]] (root repo) instead of having to rely on Twitter for all state in the social graph.

This leads, again, to the question: should we just use [[moa]] as [[agora bridge]]?

- #push [[moa]]
    - [ ] check license
    - [ ] read code
    - [ ] see if it can run on sqlite
