- [[agora]]
  - [[agora bridge]]
    - api is up in dev!
      - what's the first method that we really need?
      - and the second?
  - [[opt in writes]]
    - [ ] test
  - [[agora server]]
    - need to choose a feature to drive further :)
    - better search?
    - querying other agoras?
    - [x] a small one: fix the feeds that don't include canonical node :) it's been bothering me for a while
      - took some time to get to it but I enjoyed the process :)
        - project [[mountain]] was what a lot of time went into, it was fun though
  - #push [[agorai]]
    - this is what I'm calling setting up other Agoras now
    - [x] purchased agor.ai during the week
    - [x] want to point (wildcard?) it to [[hypatia]] today
    - [ ] update the docker-based Agora of Flancia in hypatia (did vera commit changes?)
      - asked [[vera]] if she made changes anywhere public
- #push [[ubuntu]]
  - I upgraded [[nostromo]] to [[ubuntu 22.04]] and, again, I ended up with no sound.
    - I needed to run the following to recover it:
    - `sudo touch /usr/share/pipewire/media-session.d/with-pulseaudio && systemctl --user restart pipewire-session-manager`
      - as per the top answer in https://askubuntu.com/questions/1403665/no-sound-output-devices-listed-after-upgrade-from-21-10-to-22-04
    - Also I had to fix sources.list by hand again before being able to do-release-upgrade because I missed the "upgrade window" for 21.10 so it was completely gone from repositories (?).
    - Both of these are very surprising to me, in this day and age. I don't quite get in particular how a less technical user should be expected to update sources.list by hand because they didn't upgrade for half a year or so?
- I finally gave [[chezmoi]] templates a try. They are fine.

During the week I read [[Wolfram]]'s article on the [[Wolfram Physics Project]], as recommended by [[xiq]], and I enjoyed it. I also re-read [[Scott Aaronson]]'s review of [[A New Kind of Science]]; I think it still holds and seems to apply to the project at large.
