# 2022-04-15

- [[logseq]] just crashed again so I thought I'd give [[foam]] a try again, see how it's holding up.
  - Right away I really like:
    - The multi pane layout, which I find more flexible than Logseq's single pane with tabs which you only get through an extension.
    - The fact that it's very responsive on <enter>, while Logseq often lags.
    - The built-in terminal and more full featured [[vim emulation mode]].
  - Right away I dislike:
    - The fact that auto completing wikilinks takes waaay to long still, essentially making linking very cumbersome (I already didn't link [[logseq]] above twice because of how long autocomplete takes to run.)
  - I might keep using it, disabling autocomplete, and see what happens?
    - Plot twist, apparently you can't disable autocomplete? Argh.
      - I tried disabling quickSuggest everybody I could find it in settings (dialogs, files) and it still does it and annoyingly hangs for several seconds every time I try to link anything.
  - Asked in the [[foam discord]] (argh) whether there's any way to disable autocomplete or prioritize https://github.com/foambubble/foam/issues/906
    - I just need an open source PKM that offers a responsive text editing experience and can handle >5k files :(
      - OK, perhaps I should give [[wiki vim]]] a proper try.
- #push [[wiki vim]]
    - Is where I'm writing this now :)
    - Right away I really like:
        - How fast this feels! As expected. It's lightning fast while writing (it's just [[vim]]), it's lightning fast while following links (with ctrl+enter).
        - `,w,j` is the way to visit my daily journal -- as I have `,` as my leader key. It looks worse than it feels to use it -- acceptable.
    - It doesn't have link autocomplete, at least not just by writing `[[` -- but honestly this is relatively minor, and it seems it has pretty good searching capabilities, they just don't trigger by default.
- [[pkm book]] https://twitter.com/PkgBook/status/1508347439409172480
