- [[logseq]] is getting slower every day.
	- thinking about starting to use [[wiki vim]] (not [[vim wiki]], confusingly :)) more regularly.
	- Update: I was stuck on [[0.5.9]] due to an issue with the AppImage; now manually updated to [[0.7]] and it seems somewhat improved?
	- #push [[wiki vim]]
		- now I'm writing this in [[wiki vim]], in which:
			- ,ww navigates to index.md
			- ,w,w navigates to the current journal
			- unfortunately navigating to a wikilink from the journal created the file in journal/, even though I want it in the root.
			- filed: https://github.com/lervag/wiki.vim/issues/225
			- already resulted in a nice workaround that I can just plug into my .vimrc :)
		- It is actually really nice to be able to journal in [[vim]] again.
			- So responsive!
			- And I can drop into 'full text/document mode' pretty easily, not to be constrained by [[outliner mode]].
			- Also I now have a *global* alt-d shortcut for my journal -- that is, pressing alt-d brings up my daily note no matter where I am :)
		- Next thing missing is pasting media (that is, storing in assets and inserting a link). Thinking about how to solve this.
			- [[md img paste]] https://github.com/ferrine/md-img-paste.vim might be this :)
- Looked into managing my [[dotfiles]] in a more structured way again.
	- [[chezmoi]] is looking fancy and probably worth investing on?
- [[gitlab]]
  - Started a [[flancian]] repo: https://gitlab.com/flancian/flancian
  - [[Dockerfile]] is not there but should be there eventually.
  - Playing with the Twitter API for my personal account.
- [[unlicense]]
- [[agora 3]]
- [[wiki vim]]
  - [[lervag]]
- [[social coop]]
  - [[relax instance registration]]
  - [[social coop tech group]]
  - [[giacomo sansoni]]
  - [[ana ulin]]
- [[pomodoros]]
  - #done
    - [x] [[chezmoi]]
      - installed in [[paramita]], [[thecla]]
      - set up repo in [[gitlab]]: same as [[flancian repo]] (should I just call it [[dotfiles]]? but I want it to store more :))
      - it feels like it could be a reasonable general personal repo manager?
    - [x] [[social coop]]
      - [[relax instance registration]] -> proposal failing, thread useful
      - called out for tomorrow's [[social coop tech group]] meeting via mastodon
  - #do
    - [ ] [[podagora]]
      - [[podman]]
        - create [[agora]] user in container
        - fold in commands from [[go/agora]]
        - configure [[systemd]] services
        - think about how to override values?
    - [ ] [[building bridges]]
      - [[write]] a bit in the above node?
    - [ ] [[sun]]
      - [[write]] in that document

I feel like I've been [[unlocking]] things, in some sense. I optimized several things which had been bothering me for a while. I feel freed up in a way.

Now it's 18:29 and I'm doing a [[pomodoro]] on [[chezmoi]] and with that I'm calling it with general optimization. Next up is [[podagora]] and in general some [[containers]] work, which on second inspection has to do with the [[flancian repo]] and [[project snapshot]].

I over-rested by staying with [[chezmoi]] as it was fun :)
