- I [[worked]]
- …and then I got home at about 20:15. I have about four hours of evening left; what to do? below each checkbox stands for [[30 minutes]] / a loose [[pomodoro]]
  - what I planned:
    - [ ] agora pkg chapter
      - at least read and fix egregious consistency issues and regressions I probably introduced by writing way too late in the evening the other day
    - [ ] prep for fellowship of the ring tomorrow?
      - answer email, I've been meaning to do this for days!
    - [ ] one remaining thing from work maybe (CL)
      - or perhaps I shouldn't?
   - [ ] yoga, exercise
      - it's very hot but at least 15' of yoga would be nice
    - [x] some socializing (chat) while I cut my hair
      - does this pairing work? maybe
      - also check payment on behalf of [[l]] 
    - [x] [[social coop]]
      - [x] [[next action]] -> [[debug registration issues]] with [[mica]]
      - [[red oak]] to the rescue!
      - documented findings above
    - [ ] shower and prep for bed
      - shower takes me ten minutes, but there's a lot of extra stuff here usually -- loading dishwasher may go here if not earlier (ideally earlier)
    - [ ] read
      - [[dalai lama]] / [[shantideva]] probably?
- the above is probably not a realistic plan as usual, let's see if it's a useful one?
  - what happened:
    - started scrolling Twitter but caught myself in time and stopped it
    - realized I didn't schedule anything directly about this month's [[node club]] above -- although [[agora pkg chapter]] is related on second thought
    - went out in the balcony to spend some time with [[Lady Burup]] while [[Nils Frahm]] was playing
      - [x] watering plants makes sense now, they're living beings and they're thirsty
      - [x] ended up installing and using the garden hose and water cleaning the balcony which I'd been meaning on doing since spring
      - [x] then watering the neighbors' plants, which I had to do tonight for sure (I skipped it yesterday as it wasn't that hot)
      - -> I realized sometime through this 1.5h that it wouldn't make sense to do yoga later as I was moving about a lot; I became more conscious of my breath and body movement
      - [x] cut my hair and talked with [[l]] about [[Trennungsvereinbarung]], that was constructive / needed to happen
      - I miss her, love her still, and I'm happy we're both better I think!
- [[templates]]
  - #push [[daily]]
    - [[flancia]]
      - [ ] [[patterns]]
        - [[the book of patterns]]
      - [[agora]]
      - [ ] [[node club]]
      - [ ] [[agora discuss]]
      - [ ] [[agora server]]
      - [ ] [[agora bridge]]
      - [ ] [[agora pkg chapter]]
      - [ ] [[agora paper]]
