- Travelling from [[durham]] to [[seattle]] today.
  - Got to the airport earlier than usual, it's not a large airport so there's not much to do. That's fine though, I enjoyed some time chilling and planning/writing before boarding.
- [[ivo velitchkov]]
  - #push [[pkg book]]
    - [[pkg book chapters]] https://kvistgaard.github.io/pkg-test/#/page/abstracts
      - [[deadline]] [[2022-09-01]]
        - "Full chapter submission: Sep 1st, 2022"
        - I should probably set a personal deadline of July 31st: [[2022-07-31]].
- spoke to:
  - [[l]]
  - [[b]]
  - [[ladee]]
  - [[ex]]
  - [[jz]]
  - [[anonymous]].
- [[throwing dice]]
  - today I tried using [[random]] in my local Agora during my flight and it was quite fun -- I ended up remembering things I had forgotten, and slightly editing a few older nodes.
  - I think I'll do it again soon.
- #push [[meditation]]
  - I cried during [[daily meditation]] today.
  - It was a [[metta]] session in [[waking up]].
  - It felt good.
- [[flancia]] is [[well intentioned]]
- #push [[do]]
  - [ ] opt in [[fucking]] writes
  - [ ] define next action to learn to animate in typescript/javascript
    - draw a [[rainbow folding]]
  - write [[agora pkg chapter]]
- #push [[done]]
  - [x] /annotations throws urllib.error.URLError when [[hypothesis]] is not reachable (like during my flight). fix.


Writing this on the flight to Seattle. My connection in [[Charlotte]] was tight but I made it just fine in the end.

(I wonder who you are, you reading this. If you are interested consider leaving an annotation using the Hypothesis side bar or reaching out :)

Thank you for reading!)

