- Woke up in [[montreux]]
  - Very beautiful, but very fancy/posh as well (in particular in high season)
- Tried to help [[todd]]
- Went to [[chillon castle]]
  - That was a very extensive castle! We spent a few hours there.
  - Saw things like [[two handed swords]], [[halberds]] and [[morning stars]]. It reminded me of [[D&D]] and [[The Witcher]].
- Finally got [[Pedagogy of the Oppressed]] by [[Paulo Freire]] in my reader.
- [[meta]] on link formatting.
  - In the last [[fellowship of the link]] we discussed [[uppercase]] vs [[lowercase]] in links; it seems I may be the only one in the group who does all lowercase inside links.
  - I do it because I'm lazy and also because it seems to me that the double square brackets already make the words/phrase in question stand out as interesting/important entities. To some extent I think skipping uppercase makes it so that some of the extra effort involved in typing brackets is "traded off" by saving on uppercasing.
  - The group thought the argument was weak, though, and on second thought I think I tend to agree.
  - Also I moved anagora.org to not rendering [[square brackets]] by default, so what happens is that my writing looks more careless now than it did back when all square brackets were explicit.
  - So I think I'm going to try moving back to uppercasing links and seeing how it works :)
  - #push [[uppercase project]]
    - That does mean I need to make a few changes.
    - [[wiki vim]] should resolve links to either lowercase or uppercase version depending on what exists/what I want to have at the file level.
      - Currently most of my files are lowercase and that probably makes sense; I probably need to define a new "slugging" function? Out of the box what happens is that if I use a link in uppercase and visit it, a new file will be created in uppercase even if the note already exists in lowercase.
    - [[push]] and [[pull]] should take either uppercase or lowercase in anagora.org.
      - This *might* work already just because of how [[agora server]] works, but I need to check.
      - -> [[testing]]
      - yep, it works, I love it [[when the Agora just works]].
- spoke to [[robert haisfield]] about [[scaling synthesis]]:
  - [[interfaces for adjusting a query]] https://scalingsynthesis.com/Interfaces-for-adjusting-a-query/
  - [[provide push and pull as inline syntax]] https://scalingsynthesis.com/I-Provide-Push-and-Pull-as-inline-syntax-to-affect-the-related-items-section-for-a-page/
  - [[replace backlinks]] https://scalingsynthesis.com/I-Replace-the-backlinks-section-of-a-page-with-a-related-items-section/
- [[agora]]
  - onboard:
    - [[scaling synthesis]] https://github.com/classicrob/quartz
    - [[rel8]] https://github.com/OpenGlobalMind/rel8-wiki
    - [[jerry's brain]] some day, hopefully soon, from a dump :)
