- starting this [[saturday]] well with [[yoga at midnight]] :)
  - [[yoga with x]]
    - with: [[lady burup]] [[flancian]] [[adriene mishler]]
    - [[go/move/18]] (as we started yesterday).
- [[fediverse]]
  - feeling very exciting!
  - [[social coop]]
    - [[twg]]
- had [[coffee]] with an amazing new [[friend]]!
  - walked around town, it was great.
- #push [[2022-11-20]] as well
- now I will try to do [[pomodoros]] for the [[kind revolution]].
  - [[fediverse]] as the potential scenario for the revolution.
    - [[social coop]]
      - [x] bring up [[vps]]
        - [x] price comparison 
          - hetzner: 16gb four cores for 20 euro/month
          - digital ocean: having issues logging in (it send otp to an email address that is not what I expected)
            - solved issues, email aliases are adminned in [[webarchs]] and they control all inbound email to @social.coop emails.
            - logged in and confirmed droplets are more than twice as expensive as hetzner cloud (double the price for a server with half the ram).
          - -> going with hetzner
        - #push [[twg]]
          - server [[hypha]] 65.109.133.225, a vps for experiments \o/
        - [x] get logins for hetzner/digital ocean
          - [x] look in pass
      - [ ] then bring up [[docker]] and [[docker compose]]
        - [ ] using [[ansible]]
          - [x] make '[[ansible-playbook]] server.playbook.yml check' pass :)
          - it worked, pass store and all :)
    - [[gotosocial]]?
      - or look into that python library; it will help me...
        - [ ] [[grok activitypub]]
        - [ ] which python library?
        - [ ] gotosocial seems like a strong default -> [[containers]]
    - [[containers]]
      - [ ] containerize moa
      - [ ] update agor.ai to latest
      - [ ] read about how to deploy code to containers -- I think [[protean]] said running git pull within the container is reasonable.
  - [[agora]]
    - [ ] shift focus to [[agora api]] so that all bots can write through a unified interface
  - [[personal]]
    - [x] do laundry
    - [ ] clean kitchen
    - [ ] clean bathrooms
    - [ ] do yoga
    - [ ] [[disfraz de tigre]]
  - [x] write this plan ([[pomodoro 0]] / [[bootstrap]].)
    - [[meta]] this is closer to 16 pomodoros than to 8 for sure if mapped 1:1, but really rather atomic, so this seems maybe doable today.
      - likely ~1/3rd or maybe half will probably happen only tomorrow though, and that'd be fine :)
- [[flancia]]
  - [[many flancians]]
  - [[proposal]]
  - [[yoga with x]]
    - thank you for watching! for more, please see https://anagora.org/yoga-with-x (or yoga+with+x, or just write yoga with x in your browser bar and it should work as well) :)
