- [[twitter]]
  - keeps mixing up my sessions so I made a mess of my [[profiles]].
- [[2022-10-01]]
  - [[october 2022]] begins, I'd like to plan it as such (as a month)
  - [[november 2022]] is the two year anniversary of the Agora (code wise), so I hope to be able to ship a package of noticeable improvements to anagora.org and maybe the agor.ai this month!

  - but today:
    - [[agora]]
      - [[agora bridge]]
        - [x] I'd like to try moving [[agora twitter bot]] to [[tweepy 4]] which has [[twitter api v2]] support!
        - [x] I'd like to read [[moa]] code to understand possible code reuse / convergence for the [[agora api]].
          - Looking good; the question is whether to fork [[moa]] or include it in [[agora bridge]] as a submodule maybe?
      - [[moa]]
        - [x] ship one tiny improvement; maybe the mention of [[moa bridge]] in the homepage as suggested by a user in the [[moa channel]] (matrix).
      - [[agora server]]
        - [ ] maybe some UI improvement?
        - [[auto pull]] also the stoa in an empty node?
      - [[stoa]]
        - [ ] should [[auto pull]] at least as often as [[wikipedia]]?
          - should wikipedia autopull always except when the user cancels? maybe after a longer timeout when the node has "primary content"
        - [ ] what about setting up some oauth provider so people can have their own notes?
        - [ ] any lead w.r.t. adding [[wikilinks in hedgedoc]]? check thread I created in [[hedgedoc/discourse]]
      - [[social coop]]
        - [ ] documentation consolidation
        - [ ] start [[mastodon upgrade]] plan? including [[hometown]]
        - [ ] do manual database backup
        - [ ] share with [[twg]]
