- #push [[avif]]
	- is looking pretty good: https://jakearchibald.com/2020/avif-has-landed/
- #push [[sundar day]]
	- for the last 2y (since the pandemic started) we've been getting [[global reset days]] -- which people widely call [[sunday]] days after the CEO.
	- will go on a short hike with my brother who is visiting
	- also plan on doing some coding :)
- [[agora]]
	- [[agora discuss]]
		- [[maya]] brought up [[concordances]] / [[key word in context]], interesting.
		- I love coming back to [[agora discuss]] and finding interesting things the community has discussed!
	- #push [[go links in pushes]]
		- testing
		- #go https://flancia.org
		- LATER does the above go link work at the destination? I think it should, and if it doesn't, it should be fixed :)
			- it doesn't, it needs to be fixed :) on second thought it is not surprising as go links handling is quite hacky, doesn't reuse the basic node assembly logic we have for node rendering
	- [[autopush]] has been a long time in the making
		- after thinking it through I'm not sure there's a big issue with continuing to parse the html we produce while rendering subnodes as a way to extract structure that can be used for pushing
		- the fact that this lets us have a single push implementation for all source formats that render similarly has a lot going for it?
		- all in all I will probably try to implement this soon (finally!)
	- [[autopull plurals]] seems like low hanging fruit now that we have other autopulls enabled
	- I keep thinking about [[sqlite]] as an experiment to make the Agora faster.
		- the filesystem is very fast (fast enough) for the core Agora functionality of gathering all resources matching a name, but is too slow to handle deeper relationships between resources (linking, pulls, pushes) as we scale up.
		- storing relationships in sqlite seems like a reasonable experiment to run.
		- we could keep the [[agora server is read only]] design principle by having [[agora bridge]] be the component that writes to sqlite, and having [[agora server]] just read.
- [[tumper]] asked if there's a way of using [[mastodon]] from [[matrix]] -- good question
	- https://pinafore.social/statuses/107913044603938676
	- [[matrix mastodon bridge]] == [[mastodon matrix bridge]] -> [[matrix activitypub bridge]]
- #push [[yoga]]
	- [[asanas]]
- went hiking near [[brugg]] with my brother.
	- we saw the [[confluence]] of three rivers: [[aare]], [[limmat]], [[reuss]]
	- thought of [[luciana]] and [[lady burup]] and [[flancia]]
- [[flancia]]
	- #push [[la chaux de fonds]]
		- [[le corbusier]]
		- [[blaise cendrars]]
		- [[louis chevrolet]]