- Welcome :)
  - This is a message in the [[Agora of Flancia]].
  - The [[Agora]] is a project that tries to solve [[governance]] and [[moderation]] for the internet (for participating parties).
  - This Agora is a [[reference implementation]].
- Trying to do [[four pomodoros]] on the way to [[Lausanne]] tonight.
  - [x] [[work]]
  - [x] [[plan]]
  - [x] work
    - roadmap
  - [ ] [[agora server]]
    - auto pull after 5s
    - #pull [[202-10-15]]
  - [ ] [[agora doc]]
    - review and act on some comments
  - [ ] write / do catharsis :)
  - [[agora bridge]]
    - determine and advance next action for one/more of:
      - add writing from the web interface / a web editor for the agora 
      - move bots to not writing locally, calling the [[agora api]]
      - getting a bridge up and running for [[agor.ai]]
        - [[api.agor.ai]]?
  - [ ] write to [[marc antoine]], [[jerry michalski]], [[mathew lowry]]
  - [ ] agor.ai
    - look for how to 'integrate' git repositories into a podman image in a nice way; currently the [[dockerfile]] just does git clone and starts services, but this means code updates require destroying + recreating the container; on the other hand it keeps the agora 'reproducible'
      - note this is not true for bot contributions, which are currently written locally in anagora.org, but the idea is to make bot writes go through the API server.
    - get agor.ai into a usable state (with bot contributions; an actual mirror of anagora.org garden/stream wise, plus maybe a different/additional agora root repo with documentation focusing on how to run an [[agora network]] in its subdomains?
- #push [[2022-10-22]]
  - [ ] meet [[sam]] about [[social.coop]]
  - [ ] buy feeder for [[lady burup]]
  - [ ] resume todo
- Some [[random thoughts]] follow.

What if I just did dev work on [[agor.ai]]? I just saw that I have the dev configuration running on it already; and I've been meaning to turn up the new agoras for some time now, although instead a lot of my time has gone to work, to social life, and now again to [[agora doc]]. 

I also have a dev thread pending for both components -- see todo list above. Combining these three threads would make it fun, I think, and inter-motivating in some sense.

[[Agora doc]] must for sure be advanced too, as I have many comments to review and address, and I welcome the time [[this weekend]] will afford me to do so.
