- Had [[fondue]] last night with friends
- Earlier we had great coffee as well, [[l]] was around. I miss her!
- We then went to [[Basel]] with [[b]] and [[an]] today, it was beautiful.
  - [[bishopric of basel]]
    - has [[switzerland]]'s [[oldest university]]
  - Read [[Pedagogy of the Oppressed]] on the way there.
  - On the way back, going through comments to [[agora doc]] by the [[pkg book]] editors.
- [[ladee]]
  - Special weekend!
- #push [[agora]]
  - #push [[agora writing]]
    - [[agora doc]]
      - great top level comment by [[ivo]]
  - #push [[agora development]]
    - [x] set up local dev environment in the train
      - I like [[poetry]].
    - [[better search]]?
      - what's a quantum of better search? it's pretty bad right now; e.g. [[poetry install]] would not bring up [[install poetry]]
        - would re-adding fuzzy matching fix this?
        - should I implement a simple search algorithm myself for the purpose of understanding how to solve this?
          - tokenization -> compute combinations is trivial but expensive
          - [ ] -> [[bag of words]] is cheap
            - this actually requires defining what is the source of truth for [[equivalence class]] and for [[proximity]] between nodes
            - I've always wanted to think of Agora search as as an exploration within a certain [[radius]] of an inferred center of gravity; maybe this is distance in some embedding?
              - [ ] -> [[edit distance]]
                - seems like an interesting approach to explore next
      - [[auto pull wikipedia]] sort of also tackles this in a totally different direction, in particular if we extend it to [[wikidata integration]]: if wikidata surfaces an entity for us, volunteer its type; if the entity is far from the current node in an interesting way, maybe [[auto pull]] it as well after some time.
      - if I'm adding auto pull maybe it's time to make [[settings]] clearer, in particular have an easy toggle for auto pull to trigger or not (leads to [[agora autopilot]] maybe, which I've always thought could be very fun.)
