- [[work]]
  - took the day off, but still did 1h of work to make sure things kept moving in the right direction. I don't regret it.
  - plan to do the same [[tomorrow]].
  - [ ] [[project update]]
- [[flancia]]
  - meditated in the morning, it helped a lot as usual :) yesterday I didn't do it and I think I probably should have.
  - [[agora]]
    - [[agora doc]] is the top priority for this weekend, but I'd also like to keep it fun by shipping some easy improvements to the Agora UX.
      - I'm tracking those in paper mostly at home, but the top and likely easiest is to *reintroduce* filenames in subnode headings. Since hiding them I feel the interface is less clear. The Agora is retro, so we might as well use that -- and I think keeping it obvious that each subnode is a separate file probably helps.
    - [ ] [[agora chapter]] editing, focus on resolving low hanging comments on a first pass?
      - [x] 1 en kosmos
      - [x] 0 en casa a las 19
        - yoga! and planning
      - [ ] 2 [[agora doc]]
      - [ ] 3 quizás [[equivalence class]] o un [[ux improvement]] para el Agora seguido de una pausa para comer
      - [ ] X cenar con Berni?
      - [ ] 4 [[agora doc]]
      - [ ] 5 [[ux improvement]]
      - [ ] 6 work on narrative making agora projects section cohesive
        - #push  [[patterns]]
          - [[liquid democracy]]
          - [[federation]]
          - [[altruism]]
      - [ ] 7 close some more [[agora doc]] comments
      - [ ] 8 [[flancia]]
        - [[social.coop]] registration
- [[poetics]]
  - [[catharsis]]
  - [[anagnorisis]]
- went to the [[brocki]] ~ [[bröcki]], it was great
  - came back with a significant amount of great [[loot]], and I met interesting people
  - [[helveta]] foundation (sp?)
- [[yoga]]
  - [[yoga with x]]
  - Please refer to https://anagora.org/yoga-with-x for more episodes!
  - Thank you for being here, reading this :)

I'd really love to get the Agora (meaning anagora.org) fast again :) When it *is* fast (like when you hit a worker with a cached graph, which currently serves within ~0.2s it feels great; when it isn't it goes definitely into the frustrating territory (~9s). But I think it'll have to wait until EOY, realistically, maybe.
