- Writing this straight from the [[github]] UI as I don't have a garden editor set up in the laptop I am carrying with me. 
  - It is nice to have the alternative, but wow, Github sucks. I am actually often surprised at how limited it is. "Only displaying 1000 files." -- but why? :)
  - The code review/code viewing experience is... basic.
  - It might also be, of course, that I'm continuously out of patience for closed source platforms. I think I should probably move away from Github for garden hosting -- after all, my garden isn't really covered by Google's limitations on open source hosting as it doesn't contain code.
- I missed out on the [[social coop strategy day]] due to being out on holidays. It was a shame -- of course being on holidays is nice, but it goes to show there's an opportunity cost :) I could have planned around it, of course, but I didn't.
  - Thank you [[neil]] for attending and taking notes!
  - Looking forward to coming back tomorrow and resuming online/digital activities. I also promised I would coordinate the next [[social coop tech group]] session and I have failed to do so yet -- my apologies. Will try to do it tomorrow evening at the latest.
- #push [[spain 2022]]
  - Our itinerary in this trip:
    - [[granada]] (staying here)
      - Beautiful all around, liked it last time around, liked it this time, will return eventually unless death catches me first.
      - Did a small tour of bookshops this time around while looking for gifts for [[L]] and enjoyed it a lot.
    - [[montefrío]] (as a day trip)
      - Nice day trip; [[the view]] was great as expected. Small and sleepy otherwise.
    - [[málaga]] (staying here)
      - Nice for a beach city; interesting enough old town, great food all around. Good base (well connected, we flew in and out from the city airport).
    - [[nerja]] (as a day trip)
      - I think I tend not to like touristy beach towns in general. We had the worst lunch of the trip here; someone bought a once-great fonda and is running it into the ground.
      - My mum loved it when she visited it; I think some parts and nicer than others and she loves beaches to begin with, which probably helped.
    - [[ronda]] (as a day trip)
      - Amazing. We spent the afternoon here; [[la lechuguita]] is a great tapas place (1 euro each).
    - [[marbella]]
      - I don't get it. Would skip. Perhaps if you're rich, staying in a villa, liking to feel fancy. But it wasn't even nice close to the beach -- not in the city centre anyway. Would skip from now on.
  - [[being offline]] 

