- Day off, making this a long weekend and travelling to [[München]] to meet friends and disconnect a bit!
  - And by disconnect I mean maybe be more offline, although maybe also I will end up writing in the Agora and that's completely OK.
  - I'm currently on the train to [[Munich]], looking a bit like a zombie (bags under my eyes) and feeling a bit sleeping, but happy. Through the window I can see the fields of [[Jura]].
- [[Flancia]]
  - [[Agora]]
    - [[open letters]]
  - [[Buddhism]]
    - I continued reading about the [[Tripitaka]].
    - TIL [[Faxian]] started his journey on foot from China to India when he was 60.
- [[Myanmar]]
  - I remembered we considered going to Myanmar back when we were in Thailand (2016?) and would still love to go some day.
- #push [[Category Theory]]
  - Continuing reading [[A Rosetta Stone]]: https://via.hypothes.is/https://arxiv.org/pdf/0903.0340.pdf
    - After 1.5y (!) -- time flies indeed.
    - Re-read [[cobordism]] as it keeps being hard to grasp :) I think I need to review more examples of the [[cobordism]] category?
      - It's striking that one of the canonical representations of a cobordism looks like a pipe forking. Yesterday night I was reading/writing about [[flow networks]].
    - Is category theory the study of change?
    - > "A general science of [[systems]] and [[processes]]"
  
I will write [[Building Bridges]] -- some day? What does it mean by now? I've thought about it many times, and by now I wonder if when I actually start writing it it will just flow out from me -- or it won't.
