- [[21]] means [[Building Bridges]] in the #Flancia [[Pattern Language]].
  - It took me a while to realize that Flancia is a Pattern Language, but there it is. [[17]]
- [[Work]] ~ [[Google]]
  - Maybe my last Wednesday at Google if I get fired as part of the layoffs; I estimate the earliest they could happen is 27 February, with 3 March being most likely based on my current knowledge.
- [[Flancia]]
  - [[Sides]]
    - In Flancia there are two sides,
    - two sides which are many,
    - like those in the human brain
    - and in our [[collectives]]
  - [[Open Letters]]
    - [[Open Letter to Google]]
    - [[Open Letter to the Agora]]
  - [[Las Jaras]]
    - Tengo dos jaras 
    - que son tres,
    - pegan cuatro,
    - dan cinco.

[[V]] fixed https://agor.ai, is doing awesome stuff in the containers space.

I want to work on:

- [[Try elsewhere]], a button that in anagora.org would send the user to the same node on agor.ai (which is the more modern containerized Agora, and is slated to actually be an Agora Network: it will serve/redirect to services including different Agoras in its subdomains.)
- [[Autopush]], as evidenced by the optimistic structure of the Agora Protocol section above.
- [[Executable Subnodes]], which IIRC are close to ship (with an allowlist).
  - Which should yield features like primes/ and *site navigation* maybe? I've been thinking 'previous' and 'next' could be done as executable subnodes for the fun of it?
  - But maybe I should not fool around so much and navigation should just go in, say, providers.py, as we need a regex determining which script to run for dates.
