- [[flancia meet]]
  - nobody showed but I didn't announce it explicitly so I sort of expected that.
  - had a slow morning, started doing laundry earlier than usual; it felt nice :)
- [[projectm]]
  - installed [[projectm]] again on a lark yesterday in [[nostromo]], it goes very well with fractal mode.
    - I'm doing fractal mode (recursive screen) with [[wayland]] and [[wlvnc]] and it's very pleasant.
  - #push [[flatpak]]
    - I used [[flatpak]] to install [[projectm]] as it seemed like a fair use case after I didn't immediately find the frontend I was expecting in the Ubuntu packages. My main two pet peeves with Flatpak remain, one palliated:
    - It is frustrating to me you can search by name, e.g. `flatpak search projectm`, *and* install by name, e.g. `flatpak install projectm`, but *you can't run by short name*, that is, `flatpak run projectm` doesn't work.
      - This is made worse by the fact that `flatpak search projectm` may or may *not* show you the fully qualified name for the package; if your terminal is wide enough it will, but otherwise it will very unhelpfully take up a lot of the line to describe the package but mangle the fully qualifier identifier (what you need to pass to `flatpak run`) with an ellipsis.
      - I don't know of a good way to work around this currently. It seems like adding a `flatpak easyrun` command would be low hanging fruit? Just run the installed app that matches the search term, if there's exactly one?
    - By default flatpak apps are heavily sandboxed to the point they can't access files in your home directory.
      - That's... alright I guess if you care about security that much, but a bit of an unfriendly/unexpected user experience. It made me feel I was using a phone and not a "proper" computer I control.
      - Thankfully this led me to discover [[flatseal]], which is actually a great UI to manage sandbox permissions of all kinds per-app. I flipped the right access, restarted projectm, and I was able to load presents from my home directory :)
