- [[work]]
  - worked after hours for a bit, it was fine.
  - it seems likely layoffs probably won't happen here for another two full weeks at least.
- [[007bistromath]]
  - [[chatgpt]]
    - [[the revolution according to chatgpt]]
      - really not bad considering the very concise, off-the-cuff prompt!
- [[work]]
  - Thursday with lots of meetings, but they were OK -- I like 1:1s and small meetings more than larger ones on average (?)
  - I like talking to my coworkers; they are honestly great. I will miss them if I get laid off. But that would still be fine, as they will continue existing regardless of whether we work in the same group on weekdays :)
- [[agora]]
  - [[pkg book]] [[agora chapter]]
    - got the result of the last round of editing in a [[docx]] and it's great! thanks to Rob
  - [[fediverse]]
  - [[tootfinder]], opt in search for the [[fediverse]], what I was looking for! surfaced by [[traducoop]]
  - [[prompt router]] seems promising
- [[flancia]]
  - [[prompts]]
    - I liked [[Scott Aaronson]]'s article on [[ChatGPT]].
    - At the same time I saw [[ChatGPT]] called the [[ultimate mansplainer]].
    - Both takes are right in a way, but I think the second one feels a bit conservative to me whereas the first one feels liberal.
  - [[books]]
    - Isn't it funny we are at a point in which some discount [[LLM]]s as "just learning from a corpus and repeating/combining information found there" at the same time we still regularly call books, in particular those read in our youth, formative? At the same time we can observe society to be thoroughly shaped by the language, culture, knowledge preserved and presented to us primarily in the form of [[books]]?
    - But of course I'm fond of calling books the [[Slow Internet]].
  - [[agora]]
    - [[agora bot]] for mastodon broke because it ran out of lists -- I thought I had "done enough" by making it remove a list every time it added one (we use them to get a timeline of followers, I forget exactly why), but clearly that was not correct. The dates on the 'leftover' lists' made me think deleting lists fails on certain days, every run for a few hours -- weird.
