- Woke up by [[Bodensee]].
  - Will miss [[Flancia meet]] today as I temporarily don't have internet connectivity.
  - Will try to catch up later with people who were/are around! Apologies for missing it.
- [[Flancia meet]] topics as I expected them
  - [[docker]]
  - [[agora recipe]] is running on [[coop cloud]], which is nice (this is what is serving link.agor.ai) but it needs some improvements:
    - It should be easier to override Agora settings from the coop cloud recipe proper, e.g. Agora name and sources. This could take place in the form of mounting agora.yaml as a config file?
    - It should be able to run one or more of the Agora bots which are part of [[agora bridge]] but currently not running for any Agora in agor.ai.
  - [[activitypub]]
    - Still unsure about whether to implement first-party support in e.g. [[agora server]], or to write a separate activitypub component (where? maybe in bridge?), or to rely on an existing implementation like the canonical golang one which seems quite mature and is geared precisely towards API usage (doesn't offer 
- [[What is the Agora]]?
  - I've been wanting to write a special node which acts as explainer to the Agora that should be accessible to the average (?) internet browser, in the sense of a person browsing the internet.
  - [[agora]] was maybe originally that but it has amassed a lot of historical content which makes it harder to offer a 'curated' primer experience.
  - I've also been thinking about this as a [[WTF]] button which we could render in red up top, with the milder tooltip 'I don't understand / what is this place anyway?'
