- [[Flancia meet]]
  - with [[bouncepaw]] we set up https://flancia.org/meet as a landing page for it, I like the result!
  - it made me revisit good old flancia.org after a while -- and it felt good. Maybe I should go back to writing more on it? I say, not for the first time.
- [[AG]] is wonderful

--

- The following was written by [[Lady Burup]]
-
-
-
-
- (a lot of dashes/empty list items, unsure how she wrote all these)
-
-
-
-OOOOAPI||||||||||
-
-
-
- (more :))
-
-
-ooooooooooooooooooooooooooo 

--

Back to regular programming :)

- [[sadhana]]
- [[Lojong]] seems linked to a long list of contemplative [[slogans]]
  - [[Chekawa Yeshe Dorje]]
- [[Tonglen]]
- [[Bootstrap]]
- [[Open Letters]]:
  - [[Open Letter to Google]]
  - [[Open Letter to Moloch]]
  - [[Open Letter to Maitreya]]
  - #meta for each of these, I'd love to be able to easily set up a [[Google Doc]] and link it. I wonder if I should begin by just signing up for the right Google API and make that happen?
    - You could imagine a Google Doc-hosted stoa… in some universe, if not in this one :)
- I did some processing of [[social coop registrations]], [[go/cwg/bugs]]. I enjoyed it. Interesting as usual. Yielded a pointer to...
  - [[digital commons coop]]
  
--

- [[e acc]]:
  - Somehow I arrived at [[e acc]] ([[e/acc]] is not a good Agora link as slashes usually mean actions, and action e/ currently doesn't exist). I can instantly relate mildly with their utopian side I guess, even as I dislike many of their positions and their super-capitalist stance. Also [[Shkreli]] is involved, sigh.
  - [[techno optimist manifesto]]
- I read (re-read? I don't think I've forgotten it, but I did read a lot of SSC at one point) [[Scott Alexander]]'s review of [[Age of Em]].
  - This led me to purchase this and a lot of [[Greg Egan]] and the other two [[Jean le Flambeur]] novels :)

If you are reading this from the future, by the way: thank you for being here! How are you today/tonight?

To respond, you can always use the [[stoa]] of the day.

--

Do I risk becoming a member of the [[solipist nation]]? I read far too little [[these days]].

If we haven't spoken in a long time, please reach out over [[matrix]]!
