- Flying to the [[US]]!
  - Not staying super long, but I'm attending a wedding and visiting a few museums I've never visited before.
  - I slept badly tonight, and the day before, due to different reasons -- the first night it was due to trip prep, the second it was due to a (surprise, as usual) allergy attack that kept me up/very uncomfortable until late. Happy to have made it to the flight only looking slightly like a cat (because of how my eyes swell, I get a bit of a feline look for hours-days after an attack).
  - Listening to [[Lex Fridman]] with [[Jimbo Wales]] on topics like the history of wikipedia. Very interesting as most Lex conversations I've heard as of late!
- [[Agora]]:
  - I'm back in the Agora, finally :) I took a more prolonged break from journaling as I moved with [[Lady Burup]] temporarily to [[AG]]'s place (she is very kind!) and I adapted my routine to that space; also I've been busy at work and with other projects.
  - Thank you [[neil]] for keeping the journaling section of the Agora alive and interesting!
  - I reworked a bit the Agora's [[README.md]], which is what is rendered at the Agora root URL -- e.g. https://anagora.org. Hopefully it's more cogent and informative without being overwhelming. But you tell me :)
  - [[Agora Development]]:
    - [x] Fixing local dev environment which is now sending https to itself even though it's http only due to bug in agora.py:56 :).
- [[Flancia]]:
  - I thought back a bit about the history of Flancia while I was rewriting the above. It's been running for a number of years at this stage!
  - [ ] Maybe I should write a belated update in https://flancia.org proper.
    - [ ] Include a reference to the [[flancia meet]] landing page.
    - [ ] Include a TLDR on what the Agora now is/how it developed through the years/where do we want to go next.
    - [ ] Maybe take the opportunity to have some extra fun and write something more clearly fictional again :)
